Setting HTMLCanvasElement.width also resets context properties (#38582)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlcanvaselement/width/index.md

attribute is not specified, or if it is set to an invalid value, like a negative, the
default value of `300` is used.

> Setting the `width` property resets the entire rendering context to its default state. This includes clearing the canvas (backing buffer), resetting the transformation matrix, compositing settings, clipping region, dash list, all style properties (like `fillStyle`, `strokeStyle`, `lineWidth`, `fontKerning`), shadows, filters, and the current path. This reset occurs for all context types, even when setting `width` to its current value. To restore the previous content after changing the width, use {{domxref("CanvasRenderingContext2D.getImageData()")}} and {{domxref("CanvasRenderingContext2D.putImageData()")}}.
> 
> > [!NOTE]
> > Context properties must be separately tracked and restored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the `width` property resets the entire rendering context to its default state. This includes clearing the canvas (backing buffer), resetting the current path， and resetting _all_ properties like `fillStyle` and `globalCompositeOperation`. This reset occurs for all context types, even when setting `width` to its current value. To restore the previous content after changing the width, use {{domxref("CanvasRenderingContext2D.getImageData()")}} and {{domxref("CanvasRenderingContext2D.putImageData()")}}. Context properties must be separately tracked and restored.
```

attribute is not specified, or if it is set to an invalid value, like a negative, the
default value of `300` is used.

> Setting the `width` property resets the entire rendering context to its default state. This includes clearing the canvas (backing buffer), resetting the current path， and resetting _all_ properties like `fillStyle` and `globalCompositeOperation`. This reset occurs for all context types, even when setting `width` to its current value. To restore the previous content after changing the width, use {{domxref("CanvasRenderingContext2D.getImageData()")}} and {{domxref("CanvasRenderingContext2D.putImageData()")}}. Context properties must be separately tracked and restored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the `width` property resets the entire rendering context to its default state. This includes clearing the canvas (backing buffer), resetting the current path, and resetting _all_ properties like `fillStyle` and `globalCompositeOperation`. This reset occurs for all context types, and occurs even when setting `width` to its current value. To restore the previous content after changing the width, use {{domxref("CanvasRenderingContext2D.getImageData()")}} and {{domxref("CanvasRenderingContext2D.putImageData()")}}. Context properties must be separately tracked and restored.
```
